# HubSpot
NOLS uses [HubSpot](https://www.hubspot.com/) to collect information about prospective students. You can navigate to [info.nols.edu](info.nols.edu) to see the main landing page.
You'll notice that info.nols.edu looks similar to the NOLS website. This presents challenges because info.nols.edu is hosted on HubSpot's servers, over which we have minimal control, and yet we need to maintain the look and feel of the NOLS website. Fortunately, Creative does most of the work to make it look pretty. Every once in a while, however, we have to get involved.
## Editing Files (FTP or GUI)
The standard way to edit files etc. on HubSpot is via a GUI, but you can connect to HubSpot's servers via FTP. You will almost certainly find this easier and more straightforward than trying to navigate through the HubSpot GUI (I sure did). I found [the instructions](https://designers.hubspot.com/docs/tools/hubspot-ftp) fairly easy to follow. **N.B.** HubSpot uses a CDN. This means that sometimes file changes take a bit of time to propagate accross the network, and means that your changes may not take some time to see.
## Styles
The majority of the styles info.nols.edu uses are pulled directly from `screen.css` that lives at nols.edu. A few custom stylesheets exist and (as of April 2018) can be confusing and a bit messy. The two stylesheets that you will likely want to find are `NOLS-theme-style.css` and `typography.css`, located under `portals/548959-national_outdoor_leadership_school/content/templates/custom/page/NOLS_Theme_-_2016`. The `page` directory seems to contain most of the CSS.
