I think that I could have managed this whole process better by understanding what exactly I was undertaking when I got in to this. I wish I would have held off and done some smaller projects rather than jumping in to the middle of this project. I feel a bit bitter now that I've wasted quite a bit of time on this project and still have lots more to do. It bothers me the thanklessness with which I undertake this task. I don't think that we have gotten any closer to global styles definitions and I really don't want to work on frontend stuff for a while. If I could refactor all this for faster changes in the future, than maybe it would be less painful... I'll have to think on the feasability of that goal.
A few key learnings that I'd like to incorporate in to future dealings with Creative:
- I want to work on the project that will use my code. I need to see the results of my organization, and use the code that I write on a project.
  - Having two people work on independent projects in the manner that we did, proved unnecesarily difficult. Emily had work that depended on mine, and I hadn't had time to actually put my code to the test in real situations. Having her use it 'blindly' felt stressful to me, meant that I couldn't see the results of what I built directly, and meant that a lot of the organizational effort I put in didn't make sense. I had to rely on Emily communicating that something didn't work, drop other tasks I had, and restart the process based on new assumptions.
- Giving estimates on time without diving in and working on the project for a little while will yield wildly inaccurate estimates.
- Underpromise and overdeliver.
- Designers should not dictate how we write code. We do need abstaction layers between what we write and what they design. Unless they can code.
