I think that I could have managed this whole process better by understanding what exactly I was undertaking when I got in to this. I wish I would have held off and done some smaller projects rather than jumping in to the middle of this project. I feel a bit bitter now that I've wasted quite a bit of time on this project and still have lots more to do. It bothers me the thanklessness with which I undertake this task. I don't think that we have gotten any closer to global styles definitions and I really don't want to work on frontend stuff for a while. If I could refactor all this for faster changes in the future, than maybe it would be less painful... I'll have to think on the feasability of that goal.
A few key learnings that I'd like to incorporate in to future dealings with Creative:

- I want to work on the project that will use my code. I need to see the results of my organization, and use the code that I write on a project.
  - Having two people work on independent projects in the manner that we did, proved unnecesarily difficult. Emily had work that depended on mine, and I hadn't had time to actually put my code to the test in real situations. Having her use it 'blindly' felt stressful to me, meant that I couldn't see the results of what I built directly, and meant that a lot of the organizational effort I put in didn't make sense. I had to rely on Emily communicating that something didn't work, drop other tasks I had, and restart the process based on new assumptions.
- Giving estimates on time without diving in and working on the project for a little while will yield wildly inaccurate estimates.
- Underpromise and overdeliver.
- Designers should not dictate how we write code. We do need abstaction layers between what we write and what they design. Unless they can code.
  - I don't know how to backtrack on this, exactly. I don't want them giving us redlines, and I don't want them supplying us markup to use. The styleguide should work as as a reference for both of our teams, but I think that we put too much empahsis on it in our initial meetings. We need a common language, but it will not work to have them supplying html markup because a) they don't know how to use html and b) even if they did, they wouldn't be working on the project and able to supply realistic markup.

Centrally, I think I feel threatened and a bit overpowered by Creative. I didn't do a good job of saying no and wanted to please them. Furthermore, I feel my sense of compotence threatened and called in to question in our interactions (I think this is my own insecurity showing here and not necessarily a reflection of how they feel). We have a meeting coming up tomorrow, and I feel a competitiveness and a desire to regain control. I'd like to find a way to not sacrifice my own desires and needs on this project, while balancing that we need to work together to get some things done. 
