# Weekend Work
I worked three hours this on Sunday. Actually it was considerably more, but I won't count those hours as a lot of it was playing around with Atom and trying to get it configured.
Anyhow I did make a bit of progress on the staffing wilderness medicine checkbox. I figured out that I need to just add a simple `api_client` dependency to `base.py` and then import the `ApiWrapper`. This took me a bit.

# Today Work
Now I'm just trying to figure out what the least-hacky way to only display the `applying_for_wild_med_work` field if the instrucor is a WMI instructor. There are a lot of ways I could do it, but all the ones I've considered feel sloppy, so I'm thinking about it way to hard. Basically what needs to happen is that I need make a call to the api with a user id to see if they are a wmi instrucor, which is easy. The trouble is when I try to figure out how to pass the  `wmi_instructor` variable in to the form, or basically just not show the field.
## Ways I've Considered
- Pass the variable in to the form from `utils.build_forms()`. The problem with that is that there are two different calls and the kwargs are having an issue that I don't totally get (when I call kwargs in a the function in a debug session I get an error. There's more to it than this but I'm going to leave that out). This violates DRY and risks bloating the function with arguments not critical to it running.
- Call an outside function from the form and exclude or include the field based on that. This would be preferred but the user does not always seem to be accessible from within the form. This needs a bit more work to figure out if I can do it.
- In the view, pop the field out after the form has been built. This sucks because we're letting it be built before just removing it. It feels hacky to let something be built then rip it out later. It also feels like it's starting to make the view function a little convoluted but that's just my vague sense.
